Add Import, Export and Checkout features (#282)
AY2223S2-CS2103-W17-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

The `Person` added by the user will have 4 compulsory fields and 1 optional field.
* `Name` of the person
* `Date` of the case
* `Postal` code of the case
* `Age` of the person
* `Variant` of the case (Optional)

The `addPerson` operation is facilitated by `AddCommand` which extends from `Command`. 

Step 1. `DengueHotspotTracker#parseCommand()` checks that the user input matches that the `COMMAND_WORD` of `AddCommand`

Step 2. `AddPersonParse#parse()` will process the additional inputs and return an `AddCommand`.

Step 3. `AddCommand` is executed and `AddCommand#execute()` triggers the `Model` interface's `Model#addCommand()`.

Step 4. `DengueHotspotTracker#addPerson` will add a person to a `uniquePersonList` via the `uniquePersonList#add()` command.

Step 5. Additionally `StorageManager#saveDengueHotspotTracker()` is called every time after a command to save the event to `data/denguehotspottracker.csv`.

The following sequence diagram will illustrate how `addPerson` operation works:

[!AddPersonSequenceDiagram](images/AddPersonSequenceDiagram.png)

### Edit feature

#### Implementation

> The implementation for edit is largely similar to that of [Add](#add-feature).

Author: it can!

`CsvDengueHotspotStorage#readDengueHotspotStorage()` methods.

Given below is an example usage scenario and how the import csv mechanism behaves at each step.

Step 1. The user launches the application.

Step 2. The user executes the `import sampledata.csv` command to import a list of cases from `sampledata.csv`.
`DengueHotspotTrackerParser#parseCommand()` parses the command and, detecting the `import` command word,
passes the argument `sampledata.csv` to the `importCommandParser`.

Step 3. `ImportCommandParser#parse()` is called. `sampledata.csv` is checked whether it contains any special characters,
and ends with `.csv`. `ImportCommand` is constructed, taking in the trimmed filepath `sampledata.csv` as an argument.

Step 4. `ImportCommand#execute()` will get the trimmed filepath and retrieve the list of cases to import from `sampledata.csv`.

Step 5. A `CsvDengueHotspotStorage` is created and `CsvDengueHotspotStorage#readDengueHotspotStorage()` is called,
importing the valid case list if the format is valid.

The following sequence diagram shows how the import command works:

![ImportSequenceDiagram](images/ImportSequenceDiagram.png)

> The following activity diagram summarises what happens when a user executes an Import command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following activity diagram summarises what happens when a user executes an import command:
```

![ImportActivityDiagram](images/ImportActivityDiagram.png)

#### Design considerations

> **Aspect: Filenames and directories accepted**

Reviewer: For design considerations it might be better to follow the structure of the other features, discussing two alternatives as well as their pros and cons!

> * We only currently accept filenames with no special characters and additionally store files in the same directory as
> `dht.jar`.
> * We also do not currently accept additional directory specifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We currently only accept filenames with no special characters.
* We also do not currently accept additional directory specifications. Files are stored in the same directory as `dht.jar`.
```
Moved the stuff about directories into one bullet point!

**Future work**

> * We will want to accept directories as part of the accepted input, which wil create the directory if it does not exist,
> or minimally perform checking - i.e. if the directory(s) exist, it will be allowed to same the file there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Instead of having a single default location, we could accept a directory as part of the input, create it if it does not exist, and save the file there instead.
```

### Export feature

#### Implementation

The feature is largely similar to the [import](#import-feature) up to step 4.

Step 5. A `CsvDengueHotspotStorage` is created and `CsvDengueHotspotStorage#saveDengueHotspotStorage()` is called,
saving the csv to `sampledata.csv`.

The following sequence diagram represents the difference in step 5:

![ExportSequenceDiagram](images/ExportSequenceDiagram.png)

> The following activity diagram summarises what happens when a user executes an Export command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following activity diagram summarises what happens when a user executes an export command:
```

![ImportActivityDiagram](images/ExportActivityDiagram.png)

#### Design considerations

**Aspect: Overwrite checking**

> * We currently allow the user to overwrite CSV files stored as long as the IO operations is successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We currently allow the user to overwrite CSV files stored as long as the IO operations are successful.
```

  * This is an issue as a user can accidentally override important CSV files.
  
**Future work**
  * We will implement a checker that will prompt the user asking if they're sure they want to override the CSV file
currently at the filename location.

### Checkout feature

This feature is largely similar to the [export](#export-feature) up to step 4.

Step 5: Model calls `Overview#getOverviewContent()` to obtain the list to export to CSV.

![CheckoutSequenceDiagram](images/CheckoutSequenceDiagram.png)

> The activity diagram is similar to that of export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The activity diagram is similar to that of the `export` command.
```

* 1a. placeholder
    * 1a1. placeholder

#### Use case: Import data

**MSS**

1. User requests to import list of cases from filepath
2. DengueHotspotTracker updates case list with new list of cases

   Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. The filepath is invalid
    * 1a1. DengueHotspotTracker shows an error message. Use case resumes at step 1.

> * 1a. The filepath contains an empty file or in the incorrect format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1a. The filepath contains an empty file or a file in an incorrect format
```
(I assume "incorrect format" refers to the file?)

Author: Yes!

    * 1a1. DengueHotspotTracker shows an error message. Use case resumes at step 1.

#### Use case: Export/checkout data

**MSS**

1.  User requests to list cases
2.  DengueHotspotTracker shows a list of cases
3.  User requests to export list of cases or checkout overview

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. The filepath is invalid
    * 1a1. DengueHotspotTracker shows an error message. Use case resumes at step 2.

> * 1a. The file at given filepath is used by another application

Reviewer: Sorry I'm not super clear what this means!! Can a file not be referred to by two applications at once :"D

Author: Nope it can't! If a two programs try to write the same file, it will throw an IO error
